---
title: My 100 List
date: 2023-04-17
description: My 100 things to do.
tag: me
author: Danilo Lekovic
---

I just finished my second-to-last semester of school and I figured now would be a good time to make a list of goals I want to achieve, places I want to see, and things I want to learn. [I read an amazing article by Stacey Taniguchi (a BYU professor and an accomplisher of many things) about the significance of making this kind of list.](https://magazine.byu.edu/article/100-list/) I think that I've already accomplished a couple of things on my list, which I will include on my list because they're significant to me.

*This list was last updated on Mon Apr 17 at 8:16PM.*
**(~)** means in progress, **x** means done.

1. Graduate from university. **(~)**
2. Visit 20 countries. **(5/20)**
3. Go to Tokyo Disneyland. **x**
4. See the Red Hot Chilli Peppers live. **x**
5. Run a marathon.
6. Collect 100 vinyl records. **(10/100)**
7. Travel to a foreign country alone.
8. Purchase an apartment.
9. Purchase a house.
10. Get married.
11. Have a kid.
12. Go to an NBA game.
13. Go to an MLB game.
14. Go to an NFL game.
15. Go to a UFC event.
16. Work in sports analytics.
17. Learn French, and speak French to people in Quebec / France.
18. Learn Arabic, and speak Arabic to people in Egypt.
19. Learn Spanish, and speak Spanish to people in Spain / Latin America.
20. Learn Hebrew, and speak Hebrew to people in Israel.
21. Become an incredible swimmer.
22. Become an incredible tennis player.
23. Acquire a black belt in jiu jitsu.
24. Become an incredible cook.
25. Build a house.
26. Learn woodworking.
27. Project car.
28. Have a beer in Ireland.
29. See the Pyramids of Giza.
30. Write a book.
31. Plant a tree. **x**
32. Go on a blind date. **x**
33. Throw a dart on a map and go to wherever it lands.
34. Try being pescatarian. **x**
35. Go on a cruise.
36. Visit a volcano.
37. Start a business.
38. Do volunteer work. **x**
39. See the northern lights.
40. Learn to play the guitar. **(~)**
41. Go to a comedy show. **x**
42. Go to a zoo with robotic dinosaurs. **x**
43. Move to a new city.
44. See cherry blossoms in Japan. **x**
45. Visit a place where major historic events occurred. **x**
46. Run 10km in one day.
47. Run 15km in one day.
48. Go off-roading with the old man. **x**
49. Get a dog.
50. Get a cat.
...